**Breaking:** Accordion (#1002)
contiamo/operational-ui: src/Accordion/README.md

## Accordion

> Accordion component impelmented (mostly) according to [WAI-ARIA specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/examples/accordion/accordion.html). By default takes all available hegith and divides it between opes sections equally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordion component implemented (mostly) according to [WAI-ARIA specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/examples/accordion/accordion.html). By default takes all available height and divides it between opes sections equally.
```
